[WIP] Document KubeletEnsureSecretPulledImages feature (#43454)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `KMSv2KDF` | `false` | Beta | 1.28 | |
| `KubeProxyDrainingTerminatingNodes` | `false` | Alpha | 1.28 | |
| `KubeletCgroupDriverFromCRI` | `false` | Alpha | 1.28 | |

> | `KubeletEnsureSecretPulledImages` | `false` | Alpha | 1.29 | |

Reviewer: Each and every gate needs a description that can be found at the end of this file, in alphabeta order.

  the `cgroupDriver` configuration setting.
  See [Configuring a cgroup driver](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/configure-cgroup-driver)
  for more details.

> - `KubeletEnsureSecretPulledImages`: add support in kubelet for the `pullIfNotPresent`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `KubeletEnsureSecretPulledImages`: change the behavior of the `IfNotPresent`
```

  image pull policy, for ensuring images pulled with pod `imagePullSecrets` are re-authenticated

>   for other pods that do not have the same `imagePullSecret`/auths used to successfully pull
>   the images in the first place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  for other pods that do not have the same `imagePullSecret` authentication information that was used
  to retrieve that Pod's container image(s) in the first place.
```

>   This policy change will have no affect on the pull always image pull policy or for images
>   that are preloaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Enabling this feature gate has no effect on Pods that use the `Always` image pull policy, nor for the
  `Never` image pull policy or for container images that are preloaded onto the target node.
```
